hey guys what is going on is October
13th and I got Skylanders swap force I
didn't get everything wave one because I
didn't have enough money but today we're
going to open the starter pack I have
the super bundle packs but we're not
gonna be opening these to maybe open
them after so I get to opening it got a
penny here so I can just wait you what
that oh that's weird
okay so there's a starter kit like wait
what
hold on guys just give me a second sorry
about that guys I was just like showing
something like that but that was weird
the box says you're supposed to get
Riptide and I got score like are you
being serious right now and then I also
got this but I'm supposed to say get uh
Spyros Zulu and chill I'm one spiral
Zulu and chill I'm not complaining like
I could get these characters but like
still advertise what's on the box but
anyways let's continue one must have
started back here it is some basically
what it looks like here just like
I don't understand how you jump in this
is no but I figure it out here it's the
new game there you go
Lord get nightshift thorn drone camo a
rupture countdown free Ranger tight I
supposed to get Riptide and I want
Riptide man yeah oh yeah gaming disc
game disc is different from the other
ones it's whoa I'm surprised awful holy
crap I'm summarize how lightweight this
is that's wired there is ninja Stealth
Elf silent but deadly
she said all right yeah I broke it
I'm just kidding
yeah there's swashbuckler get out last
lesson I broke it again no no I'm
kidding
oh thank you is what we do it out of a
copy Fred we joke so there it is I like
how you put it on backwards it will
automatically correct itself no what the
heck oh there goes around corrects
itself alright so there we go oh crap
hold on a sec it shows the secret code
oh my gosh all right guys so okay so
here is last okay that's weird
here's blast as ohms cards so yeah back
right I'm not gonna explain the thing
because you can clearly see blessings
card
here's wash buckler's card eight page
eight legs and no peg and that's but not
least need to sell them all right here
is ninja Stealth Elf sticker sheet it's
kind of the same as last year's but you
know whatever now is what's here's wash
Vogler's but as you see there's a line
in between the stickers can slop -
that's that's pretty that's pretty
freaking City I like that
crap there's blessum sticker sheet
alright um here's this crap explaining
what's in it alright we just hold on
guys a sec while I opened a character
poster go read don't worry whatever you
do do that
holy crap that is freaking huge
oh the characters like you can see them
clearly like you got doom so normal
rouser
I gots court now you know oh I love that
Big Bang trigger-happy posts are so
freaking huge alright um seems to be it
for now guys so I will see you guys next
time
oh wait time to do my first swap ok time
for my first swap ah alright thank you
you guys for watching and I'll see you
guys next time peace